c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\bin\Debug\restaurant_vb.exe.config
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\bin\Debug\restaurant_vb.exe
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\bin\Debug\restaurant_vb.pdb
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\bin\Debug\restaurant_vb.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.Resources.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.exe
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.pdb
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.formLogin.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.formMain.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.formManajer.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.formMasakan.resources
C:\Users\Acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.pelangganForm.resources
C:\Users\Acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.formTransaksi.resources
C:\Users\Acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.dialogPilihMasakan.resources
C:\Users\Acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.dialogPilihPelanggan.resources
C:\Users\Acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\restaurant_vb\restaurant_vb\obj\Debug\restaurant_vb.dialogBayar.resources
